Funny, you kid is courting death
You bloody impostor
It's all because of you that our Bai family caused this disaster
You bitch
Our Bai family is about to be exterminated
You still want this bastard
Unfilial like you
In ancient times, it was necessary to enter and exit the cage.
Damn it!
How dare you be so rude in front of General Xu
Be careful!
You are dead
You dog thing that got a thousand knives
Our Bai family will not let you go
Yu God will take a dog like him
You mustn't let him go!
Look at him.
He can be so arrogant in front of you
But I didn't take you seriously at all.
Ah!
Then with your sword
How should we deal with it?
Peeling skin and bones is not an exaggeration
Hahahahaha
Zhou Xiao, what do you think?
Not bad for you
It really should be more skin and bone